Add config file support to vast-bridge.py (#56)
tenzir/threatbus: apps/vast/README.md

## Quick Start

> The bridge is configured either via a config file in YAML format or via command
> line arguments and flags. See `config.yaml.example` for an example configuration
> file that make use of [fever alertify](https://github.com/DCSO/fever) to
> transform sighting contexts before they get printed to `STDOUT`. See the section
> [Bridge Features](/tenzir/threatbus/tree/master/apps/vast#bridge-features) for
> details. Or inspect the command help as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the bridge either via YAML config file or via command
line arguments. See `config.yaml.example` for an example configuration
file that uses [fever alertify](https://github.com/DCSO/fever) to
transform sighting contexts before they get printed to `STDOUT`. See the section
[Bridge Features](/tenzir/threatbus/tree/master/apps/vast#bridge-features) for
details and `--help` for command line usage.
```

```sh
./vast-bridge.py --help

> ```

Reviewer: I would not allocate an entire block just to show users how to print the help; that's commonly understood. I moved it as sentence fragment in the previous paragraph.

> Start with a config file.

Reviewer: It would be nice to mention that the following is a set of usage examples how users might invoke the bridge.

```sh
./vast-bridge.py -c config.yaml
```

> Startup with debug logging and customized endpoints for Threat Bus and VAST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Startup with debug logging and customized endpoints for Threat Bus and VAST:
```

```sh
./vast-bridge.py --vast-binary=/opt/tenzir/bin/vast --vast=localhost:42000 --threatbus=localhost:13370 --loglevel=DEBUG
```

Request an intelligence snapshot of the past 50 days and match it

> retrospectively against the entire VAST database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retrospectively against the entire VAST database:
```
